[Do not merge] Update and refresh orbit intro for licensing change (#879)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: arbitrum-docs/launch-orbit-chain/orbit-gentle-introduction.md

### In a nutshell:

- Arbitrum Orbit is the **permissionless path** for launching customizable dedicated chains using Arbitrum technology.

> - Orbit Chains can be a <a data-quicklook-from='layer-2-l2'>Layer 2 (L2)</a> chain which settles directly to Ethereum, or a Layer 3 (L3) chain which can settle to one of Arbitrum's L2s, such as <a data-quicklook-from='arbitrum-one'>Arbitrum One</a>.

Author: ```suggestion
- Orbit Chains can be a <a data-quicklook-from='layer-2-l2'>Layer 2 (L2)</a> chain which settles directly to Ethereum, or a Layer 3 (L3) chain which can settle to any Ethereum L2, such as <a data-quicklook-from='arbitrum-one'>Arbitrum One</a>.
```
